but
my don't go you can't leave me
so I need to know that behind many years to go
time for us to say goodbye and age but not
allows us to communicate on an equal footing
you are not one of those who will return
feels like a fight with you
no wind like fish oil all about it
face go wherever and all and why
I do not know just when you see it in
parents smile to people
but not
video stars with you and our children
room turn into a cabinet office
something nasty similar picked up
will be full of guns that they stumbled
si begging started registering with
you along the way but I will need to learn
lessons or stupid to eat dinner at my place
There will be a photo of other heavy useless
I will not drive on the floor on the carpet
typewriter representing that the pattern is the road
do you see this big draw
and housing. don't choose if kindergarten
school
after trying will be me another one
opportunity yes and I beg you not dead
Zhenya didn’t choose it
if kindergarten school in skype be
such days shawn opportunity yes i ask
you are not dead
nikonchuk adult hammer in your answers
smart on my stupid questions wanna watch
colourful dreams
they are black and white nightmares ask to buy
chocolate or that toy mom and on
the answer is that there is no money offended leave and
words I don't understand why they are not there but
there is on any nonsense I want not to know
bad words from empty cigarette packs
build houses not grieved face because
the fact that there is nothing in them and not a person
not men still boy want as before
All is decided
I will continue this way now
go to school only sing songs and us not
will be scolded for the fact that we will be a long telly
watch and watch will they cartoons
this news they will eat loves candy
and not biting off but completely this time not
lead on the solder that the teeth fall out
it will be fun the station wrote to you not
choose a nursery with school
let's give one more opportunity yes I ask
love you
his life of towns do not choose
kitty school after
and you home me another opportunity up
I'm asking you whether
I ask you not
and I ask you not
to me
and